git clone https://github.com/redquinoa/rearrange.git
cd rearrange
ls -l
git log
git checkout -b add-readme
git kate README.md
git add README.md
git commit -m 'Add a simple README.md file'
git push -u origin add-readme

atom README.md # make changes
git commit -a -m 'Add more information to the README'
git push

git rebase -i master
git show
git status
git log --graph --oneline --all -4
git push
git push -f
git log --graph --oneline --all -4

git commit -a --amend
git status
git push -f

GitHub is an open-source platform for collaboration and knowledge sharing, allowing users to explore code created by others. This study guide will provide you with pointers on effectively using the platform to make pull requests in the Git environment.

Pull requests
Pull requests allow you to inform fellow contributors about changes that have been made to a branch in Git. When pulling requests, you can discuss and evaluate proposed changes before implementing changes to the primary branch.

You can eventually merge changes back into the main repository (or repo) by creating a pull request. However, it is important to note that before any changes are made to the original code, GitHub creates a fork (or a copy of the project), which allows changes to be committed to the fork copy even if changes cannot be pushed to the other repo. Anyone can suggest changes through the inline comment in pull requests, but the owner only has rights to review and approve changes before merging them. To create a pull request:

Make changes to the file.

Change the proposal and complete a description of the change.

Click the Proposed File Change button to create a commit in the forked repo to send the change to the owner.

Enter comments about the change. If more context is needed about the change, use the text box.

Click Pull Request.

When creating multiple commits, a number next to the pull request serves as the identifier for accessing the pull requests in the future. This is important because it allows project maintainers to follow up with questions or comments.  

For more information on creating pull requests, click the following link: https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request

You can merge pull requests by retaining the commits. Below is a list of pull request merge options that you can use when merging pull requests.

Merge commits. All commits from the feature branch are added to the base branch in a merge commit using the -- no–ff option. 

Squash and merge commits. Multiple commits of a pull request are squashed, or combined into a single commit, using the fast-forward option. It is recommended that when merging two branches, pull requests are squashed and merged to prevent the likelihood of conflicts due to redundancy.

Merge message for a squash merge. GitHub generates a default commit message, which you can edit. This message may include the pull request title, pull request description, or information about the commits.

Rebase and merge commits. All commits from the topic branch are added onto the base branch individually without a merge commit. 

Indirect merges. GitHub can merge a pull request automatically if the head branch is directly or indirectly merged into the base branch externally.

Key takeaways
Pull requests are a crucial tool you can use for efficiently capturing, implementing, and receiving approvals for changes. These capabilities are made possible through collaboration. Practicing pull requests can help you hone your skills and contribute to a project.

Consistent coding standards are essential for large-scale projects, ensuring readability and maintainability. Google's style guides stand as prominent examples of how such norms can be established and adhered to across diverse teams. Code reviews are also essential in order to produce quality code. This reading delves into the principles of code review strategies and the significance of style guides, shedding light on their impact on software development practices and outcomes. You'll explore Google's style guides, learn about diverse code review strategies, and gain insights into the significance of pull request reviews.   

Google style guides
Every major open-source project includes a style guide, which is a set of norms for writing code for that project. When all of the code in a huge codebase is written in the same manner, it is considerably simpler to understand. 

You can find the project and style guide for Google code 
here.

Code review
Code review, also referred to as peer code review, is the deliberate and methodical gathering of other programmers to examine each other's code for errors. Code review can speed up and simplify the software development process, unlike other techniques. Peer reviews also save time and money, especially by catching the kinds of defects that could sneak through testing, production, and into the laptops of end users.

Common code review strategies
Pair programming
This method of building software places engineers side-by-side, working on the same code together. Pair programming is one of the defining characteristics of Extreme Programming (XP). It seems to integrate code review directly into the programming process and is a fantastic technique for senior engineers to mentor junior team members. However, different approaches to code review might offer greater objectivity because writers and even co-authors often become too familiar with their own work. Compared to other approaches, pair programming can require more staff and time resources.

The email thread
With the email thread strategy, a file is sent to the appropriate coworkers through email as soon as a particular piece of code is prepared for review, so they can individually review it. Although this method can be more adaptable and flexible than more conventional approaches, an email thread of suggestions and divergent opinions can become confusing very quickly, leaving the original coder to sort through it all.

Over the shoulder
One of the oldest, simplest, and most natural ways to participate in peer code review is the over-the-shoulder technique, which is more comfortable for most engineers than XP's pair programming. When your code is complete, ask a coworker to evaluate it while you explain why you created it that way. 

Tool assisted
Software-based code review tools, some of which are browser-based or seamlessly integrate into a range of common IDE and SCM development frameworks, are the final form of code review. Software tools enable reviews to happen asynchronously and non-locally, issuing notifications to the original coder when new reviews come in. The tools keep the review process moving efficiently with no meetings and no one having to leave their desks to contribute. Some technologies can also produce vital usage statistics that provide the audit trials and review metrics required for process improvement and compliance reporting.

Pull request reviews
A pull request (PR) is a procedure where new code is examined before it is merged to create a branch or master branch in GitHub. Before a pull request is merged, reviews give contributors the opportunity to comment on the modifications suggested in the request, accept the changes, or ask for additional changes. Administrators of the repository can mandate that each pull request be accepted before it is merged.

Anyone with read access can review and comment on the changes proposed in a pull request once it has been opened. Additionally, you can make precise changes to code lines that the author can implement right from the pull request. If you are interested in learning more about reviewing proposed changes in a pull request, click 
here.

Five tips for pull request reviews 
Some of the considerations you should have with pull request reviews are:

Be selective with reviewers: It's important to select a reasonable number of reviewers for a pull request. Adding too many reviewers can lead to inefficient use of resources, as too many people reviewing the same code may not be productive.

Timely reviews: Ideally, reviews should be completed within two hours of the pull request being submitted. Delays in reviews can lead to context switching and hinder overall productivity. 

Constructive feedback: Feedback should be constructive and explain what needs to be changed and, more importantly, why those changes are suggested. Friendly and non-accusatory language fosters a positive and collaborative atmosphere.

Detailed pull request description: The pull request should include a detailed description that covers the changes made in the feature branch compared to the development branch, prerequisites, usage instructions, design changes with comparisons to mockups, and any additional notes that reviewers should be aware of. This information ensures that reviewers have a comprehensive understanding of the changes.

Interactive rebasings: Interactive Rebasings allow developers to modify individual commits without cluttering the commit history with redundant or unrelated changes. Keeping commits clean and relevant contributes to a more organized and maintainable codebase. 

Key takeaways:
Importance of consistent coding standards: Maintaining uniform coding standards ensures readability and ease of maintenance. Google's style guides serve as prime examples of establishing and adhering to such norms across diverse teams.

Role of code reviews: Code reviews, or peer code reviews, involve organized examination by fellow programmers, speeding up development and catching defects that might bypass testing, saving time and resources. 

Diverse code review strategies: Pair programming, email threads, over-the-shoulder evaluations, and tool-assisted review strategies offer different levels of collaboration and objectivity, catering to different project needs.

Pull request reviews: Pull request reviews provide an opportunity for collaborative examination of new code before integration. Accessible to those with read access, PR reviews enable inclusive feedback and ensure code quality through timely and constructive comments.
