git pull
git -log -p -1
git remote show origin

Code output: 

* remote origin

  Fetch URL: https://github.com/redquinoa/health-checks.git

  Push  URL: https://github.com/redquinoa/health-checks.git

  HEAD branch: master

  Remote branches:

    experimental tracked

    master       tracked

  Local branch configured for 'git pull':

    master merges with remote master

  Local ref configured for 'git push':

    master pushes to master (up to date)

git checkout experimental

Code output: 

Branch 'experimental' set up to track remote branch 'experimental' from 'origin'.

Switched to a new branch 'experimental'

git remote - allows you to manage the set of repositories or “remotes” whose branches you track.
git remote -v is similar to git remote, but adding the -v shows more information such as the remote URL.
git remote show <name> shows some information about a single remote repo.
git remote update fetches updates for remotes or remote groups
git fetch can download objects and refs from a single repo, a single URL, or from several repositories at once
git branch -r lists remote branches and can be combined with other branch arguments to manage remote branches.

ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 2048
ssh <username>@<hostname>

How API keys are used
When using APIs, the usage depends on the specific API. With most APIs, you are required to send the API key with every request. It can be sent in one of several ways:

As an HTTP parameter in the request URL. Example: 
GET https://myapp.com/api/users/list?apikey=12345678

As an HTTP header sent with the request. Example: 
GET https://myapp.com/api/users/listX-API-Key: 12345678 

(Rarely) Posted to a specific authorization endpoint, which returns another token or a cookie to be sent with subsequent requests. Example:
POST https://myapp.com/api/auth{ “token”: “12345678” }

One last tip, do not hardcode API keys into your application code, especially if it will be posted in a public repository like Github. If you have hardcoded your API keys into your application code, anyone who wants to can make API calls with your authorization! 

Unfortunately, it happens every day. For this reason, many applications are moving away from API keys and toward OAuth, which requires the user to manually authorize an application before using it. With being extra cautious, you can make sure this does not happen to you. 

Key takeaways
API keys facilitate secure interactions: The API key serves as a crucial authentication token that not only permits API calls, but also plays a vital role in regulating access privileges and defining permissible actions. It's an essential tool in ensuring secure and controlled communication within digital ecosystems.

Authentication and authorization: API keys serve a dual purpose: authentication and authorization. Authentication verifies the identity of users or applications making API calls, preventing unauthorized access or changes. Authorization, on the other hand, ensures that users have the appropriate rights to call specific APIs, promoting controlled usage and adherence to access policies. 

Effective API key usage: When using APIs, the API key can be included as an HTTP parameter in the URL or an HTTP header. Ensuring that API keys aren't hardcoded in application code is important in order to prevent unauthorized access. Many applications are transitioning from API keys to more secure methods where manual user authorization enhances security measures and minimizes risks associated with API misuse.

When to use API keys

What you can use API keys for
Some of the ways you might use API keys include: 

To block anonymous traffic - Can help to protect your API from abuse and to ensure that only authorized users are able to access it.

To control the number of calls made to your API - Can help to prevent your API from being overloaded and to ensure that it is available to all authorized users.

To identify usage patterns - Can be used to improve your API and to make sure that it is meeting the needs of your users.

To filter logs by API key - Can help you to troubleshoot problems with your API and to identify which users are using your API the most.

What you cannot use API keys for
You can’t use API keys for: 

Identifying individual users - API keys do not identify individual users; they identify entire projects.

Secure authorization - They should be used only to identify and control access to an API.

Identifying the creators of a project - Service Infrastructure doesn't provide a method to directly look up projects from API keys.

Key Takeaways
You use API keys for blocking anonymous traffic, controlling the number of calls made to your API, identifying usage patterns, and to filter logs by API keys. 

You can’t use API keys for identifying individual users, securing authorization, and identifying the creators of a project. 

API keys serve as the link between the potential of APIs and the demand for restricted usage. As developers continue to harness the power of APIs to weave intricate software ecosystems, a nuanced understanding of API keys' capabilities and boundaries becomes the cornerstone of ensuring secure, efficient, and insightful API management.

